so once the Kerner virus passes and
thank God at some point it will pass the
temptation will be in the United States
return to where we were before but we
can't do that there's too much to fix
and we've just learned that this
disaster arrived here for a number of
reasons some of them we could not
control in the age of air travel disease
will always travel quickly pandemics are
inevitable we should accept that but our
responses to them are not inevitable
nobody forced us to outsource the
production of essential medical supplies
to China
our leaders did that and they did it on
purpose they don't want to talk about it
now at all but they did it and it was a
crime when the country is well enough to
function normally we're gonna have to
change that immediately for our own sake
and for the sake of our children we need
to move essential manufacturing back to
the United States it's crazy not to
more broadly we'll need to start
treating China like the dangerous cold
war level adversary it has clearly
become don't them lie to you this crisis
began in China and that's significant
whether the coronavirus escaped from a
bio research lab as independent Chinese
scientists have claimed war arose in a
filthy street market selling wild
animals for food either way
China's third world health practices
played a central role in this disaster
the virus grew to a pandemic because
Chinese officials silenced health
authorities in that country who tried to
warn the public about it even now the
Chinese government is determined to
crush any unsanctioned reporting from
the country today Beijing announced it's
revoking the press credentials for
reporters from the biggest American
newspapers they don't want us to see
what they're doing there and at the same
time they're threatening us one state
backed media outlet explained that China
may cut off her supply of
pharmaceuticals that would kill
Americans China is an imminent threat to
the United States one of the few upsides
of this pandemic is we can now see that
clearly because it is clear but some of
us can't see it amazingly our ruling
class is taking China's side and that
again is the good news about a crisis it
clarifies things you can see exactly
what side people are on now some of our
leaders are doing this on purpose
because they're getting rich from China
many media are just too dumb to know the
difference dumbness is almost always the
explanation for how they behave China
understands how to control their
emotions and therefore their minds the
Chinese government knows that identity
politics is the greatest weakness
in the American system it always is the
greatest weakness in every country it
infects and that's why they don't allow
identity politics in China the Chinese
know that any debate in this country can
be derailed instantly if someone screams
racist as someone inevitably does so the
Chinese have decided to use woke nests
against us the most racist power on
earth this is the country that puts
Muslims in concentration camps the
country that stamps out Tibetan culture
the country would not accept a single
Somali refugee at gunpoint this country
is calling us bigoted it's hilarious in
a way what's amazing is how many in our
media ticket very seriously
today shouldn't want news that's one of
China's propaganda organs tweeted this
quote racism is not the right tool to
cover your own incompetence okay in
Europe China actually promoted the
spread of coronavirus in early February
of this year China Global Television
Network released a video entitled
Italian residents hug Chinese people to
encourage them in coronavirus fight the
video featured a young Chinese man
wearing a face mask soliciting hugs from
passers-by a month later that video
doesn't look quite as heartwarming
more recently the same Chinese Network
tweeted this quote shall we call h1n1
American flu no we'd rather focus on
saving lives said the country that lied
about the pandemic by the way in point
of fact the 2009 h1n1 outbreak began in
Mexico not the United States meanwhile
China's ambassador is already spreading
the lie that the Wuhan virus originated
here in America maybe created in a lab
by the Pentagon don't be shocked if at
least one American media outlet promotes
that idea many of them already parroting
the rest of the Chinese Communist Party
line a week ago aging propagandas david
fromm of the atlantic suggested calling
the coronavirus quote the trump plague
instead of the Wuhan virus today NBC
News sent a tweet suggesting the
president's use of the phrase Chinese
virus was quote both inaccurate and
harmful in tying racist associations
between the virus and those from China
another statement written by morons in
our news media how was it inaccurate to
call a virus from China Chinese the
president to his credit does not seem
intimidated kya and others have
criticized you for using
phrase Chinese virus how do you feel
about after you get to continue using
that phrase well China was putting out
information which was false that our
military gave this to them that was
false and rather than having an argument
I said I have to call it where it came
from it did come from China I'm pretty
excited using that phrase creates a
stigma no I don't think so no I think
saying that our military gave it to them
creates a stigma good for him
that was trumpet his very best why would
our media take the side of China in a
crisis like this well because instead of
preparing to confront China and free
ourselves from their control our
professional class is defending the
Chinese government in sharing their
propaganda why well it's not a sinister
plot by Asian communists it's actually
worse than that in many ways you can't
blame the Chinese for this they're doing
what any government should be doing
they're putting their country and its
interests first if it takes a little
disk information to get it done they're
willing to do that no China dominates
America because our own leaders sold us
out they didn't know what they were
doing but even worse they were greedy
they're looking out for short-term
benefits for themselves rather than
long-term security for our country some
of them seem to generally despise
America particularly in academia which
is why they race to call this country
evil will happily placating Beijing
that's what Hollywood does every day of
the year
someday these people may be punished for
what they've done again it's a crime at
minimum they'll have to be deprived of
power or influence going forward but for
now we don't have time for that we need
to be honest about what the problem is
and we need to work as hard as we can to
fix it